# 1.0.4 (Jun 25, 2024)
## New Commands
* **IPHistory** - Obtain the history of IPv4 addresses associated with a domain
* **WebSearch** - Get Minecraft servers found on web pages
* **Settings** - Open the configuration file (Windows only)
* **ClearServers** - Clear your Minecraft client's server list

## New API to get data from the servers
You can now get data from Minecraft servers using the mcstatus.io API. This API is chosen by default. You can change it in the configuration file to the value "local"

## Aternos Servers
Now you can get data from Aternos servers without problems. If you are using "local" mode on serverDataApi and the Aternos server says it is down, add it to your Minecraft client and try again.

## Changes
The scan, seeker, and web search commands now use threads, so their completion time is much faster.

There are now commands that show the time it took to execute.

Now you can export the servers obtained with the 'scan' command to your Minecraft client.

Now the server command allows you to enter domain:port

# 1.0.3 (Jun 13, 2024)
## New language
* **Spanish** - Language es added

# Bug fixed
* **Seeker bug fixed**

# 1.0.2 (Jun 12, 2024)

## Hotfix
Fixed files not found error when launching the tool after update.

###

# 1.0.1 (Jun 12, 2024)

## Changes
* **EasyJsonPy lib** - The configuration and language were adapted to be used with my easyjsonpy library.

# Bugs Fixed
* **Bot username** - Bot names generated by MCPTool are now random. They are no longer always 'MCPToolBot'

## New Commands
* **Language** - Change the language of the tool

###

# 1.0.0 (May 31, 2024)

## New Commands
* **Server** - Obtain information from servers
* **uuid** - Get the uuid of a user or premium user using the uuid
* **ipinfo** - Obtain information about an IP address
* **dnslookup** - Get information about a domain
* **checker** - Get information about servers found in a text file
* **resolver** - Get subdomains from the domain via external APIs
* **seeker** - Get Minecraft Servers Using Seeker API
* **subdomains** - Scan subdomains of a domain
* **scan** - Scan an IP Address to Find Minecraft Servers
* **listening** - Save players who connect to the server
* **proxy** - Start a local proxy server
* **fakeproxy** - Start a proxy that will copy the data from the specified server and save the user data
* **connect** - Connect to a minecraft server using the terminal
* **sendcmd** - Send commands from a text file using a bot
* **rcon** - Connect to the RCON service of a server.
* **brutercon** - Perform a brute force attack on a server's rcon service
* **bruteauth** - Perform a brute force attack on the user of a non-premium/semi-premium server
* **kick** - Send a bot to disconnect a user
* **kickall** - Send a bot with the name of each of the users on the server to disconnect them

## New languages
* **English** (en)
* **Turkish** (tr)

## Windows installer
Added .msi installer to install MCPTool without having Python previously installed on the system.

## Updater (Windows only)
Added updater for Windows, this is included in the .msi installer